Create Glossary stubs S (#3897)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Gameplay/Sliderbreak/en.md

> ---

Reviewer: pretty sure only the first meaning is correct, never heard anyone using the second one

Author: was thinking maybe term was used in another mode considering the glossary specifically mentioned osu!standard for the first definition

if not though, i can remove the 2nd definition and rewrite this

stub: true
---

# Sliderbreak

> <!-- not 100% sure about this but i always thought a sliderbreak was just losing FC from a slider, didnt know it had/(still has?) other meanings -->
> 
> Sliderbreak has two meanings:
> 
> - In [osu!standard](/wiki/Game_Modes/osu!):
> 
>   - Tapping the slider-start too early (this can cause the slider to shake)
>   - Not collecting a slider tick (includes the hidden ones underneath the slider-start and slider-end).
>   - Releasing the slider ball before it hits the slider-end.
>     - This will not cause a miss, but instead will give the player a 100 with no combo increment.
> 
> - The case where the player does not obtain the max possible combo without missing an object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In [osu!](/wiki/Game_Modes/osu!), a **sliderbreak** refers to losing combo by not collecting a slider tick (including the hidden one underneath the slider-start).

Sliderbreaks are often reffered to as **SB**.
```

or something like this

Author: do people call sliderbreaks SBs?

idk if its because im more into the mapping scene but first thing that comes to mind when i see sb is storyboard D:

Reviewer: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19843905/88467882-468d1700-cedc-11ea-8ca3-169eb853bc77.png)

i think? dunno about the letter capitalisation though
